# Readme

## Aim
This assignment uses data from the UC Irvine Machine Learning Repository, a popular repository for machine learning datasets. 

The following descriptions of the 9 variables in the dataset are taken from the UCI web site:

ии* **Date:** Date in format dd/mm/yyyy
ии* **Time:** time in format hh:mm:ss
ии* **Global_active_power:** household global minute-averaged active power (in kilowatt)
ии* **Global_reactive_power:** household global minute-averaged reactive power (in kilowatt)
ии* **Voltage:** minute-averaged voltage (in volt)
ии* **Global_intensity:** household global minute-averaged current intensity (in ampere)
ии* **Sub_metering_1:** energy sub-metering No. 1 (in watt-hour of active energy). It corresponds to the kitchen, containing mainly a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave (hot plates are not electric but gas powered).
ии* **Sub_metering_2:** energy sub-metering No. 2 (in watt-hour of active energy). It corresponds to the laundry room, containing a washing-machine, a tumble-drier, a refrigerator and a light.
ии* **Sub_metering_3:** energy sub-metering No. 3 (in watt-hour of active energy). It corresponds to an electric water-heater and an air-conditioner.
Review criteria

## Goal
Our overall goal here is simply to examine how household energy usage varies over a 2-day period in February, 2007. 

For each plot:
ии*Construct the plot and save it to a PNG file with a width of 480 pixels and a height of 480 pixels.
ии*Name each of the plot files as plot1.png, plot2.png,plot3.png, plot4.png
ии*Create a separate R code file that constructs the corresponding plot

##Output

The following files are included:
ии*Readme.md - This file, containing explanation of the repository
ии*Plot1.R - This R file was used to generate plot1.png. A plot generated which is a histogram of the Global active power.
ии*Plot2.R - This R file was used to generate plot2.png. A plot generated which is the Datetime versus Global active power
ии*Plot3.R - This R file was used to generate plot3.png. A plot generated which is the Energy sub metering 1, 2 and 3.
ии*Plot4.R - This R file was used to generate plot4.png. Four plots generated which are Plot 2 and 3 above, Datetime versus Voltage, Datetime versus Global reactive power 
ии*Plot1.png - This plot file was generated by plot1.r
ии*Plot2.png - This plot file was generated by plot2.r
ии*Plot3.png - This plot file was generated by plot3.r
ии*Plot4.png - This plot file was generated by plot4.r